This page lists my various personal trips over the years, with friends or alone.
It is a great way to look back on trips, store some data about what
city/countries I have visited, and keep in mind to do more of these when
possible!

2019
====

South East Asia
---------------

My first real trip on my own. I had around 2 months before my student exchange
semester in South Korea, and since it would probably be the only moment in my
studies with such an opportunity to travel, I clearly did not want to miss it.

The trip was one of the most intense (in every good way!) experience I had
abroad, I discovered a whole new way to travel with backpacking and met **so
many** people. The itinerary is a bit weird mainly because of the various
constraints I had in terms of time and people traveling with me, but I would
change very little given the chance to do it all over again.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="100%" height="500px" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen src="//umap.openstreetmap.fr/en/map/south-east-asia-trip-2019_715341?scaleControl=false&miniMap=false&scrollWheelZoom=true&zoomControl=true&allowEdit=false&moreControl=true&searchControl=null&tilelayersControl=null&embedControl=null&datalayersControl=true&onLoadPanel=undefined&captionBar=false"></iframe>

It definitely changed my view on traveling and living abroad.

Note: the South Korea part is missing quite a bit of cities/regions. I have only
included the main ones since I spent a few months there and the country is small
enough to travel very easily.

Bulgaria
--------

Coming back from Asia, I had some time during the summer for a quick 10 days
trip with a friend. We wanted to travel to Eastern Europe, and picked one
country none of use had ever visited, and not too big for the duration of the
trip. What a great idea to just hope on Google Maps and pick a country to visit.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="100%" height="500px" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen src="//umap.openstreetmap.fr/en/map/bulgaria-trip-2019_705199?scaleControl=false&miniMap=false&scrollWheelZoom=true&zoomControl=true&allowEdit=false&moreControl=true&searchControl=null&tilelayersControl=null&embedControl=null&datalayersControl=true&onLoadPanel=undefined&captionBar=false"></iframe>

2020
====

At first, I knew this year would contain very little travelling because of
studies and work. It turns out I was both right and wrong, since I did not
travel at all, but mostly due to Covid-19:

- I planned at the beginning of the year to go to Finland to visit a friend for
  a few days during one of my only break in April 2020, but it got cancelled due
  to the sanitary crisis.
- During the summer, I was supposed to work in the United Kingdom and travel to
  New-York for an internship. I ended up working from home.

Staying home was clearly the safest and most reasonable option.

I did get the opportunity to travel very briefly around France for quick breaks
with friends over the week-end: once in `Lyon
<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lyon>`_ and another time in `Bordeaux
<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bordeaux>`_. Each week-end was a refreshing break
during this long and complex year!

2021
====

Same story as 2020, the studies and work was pretty intense (mostly without
breaks). I stayed in Paris most of the time, except for two small pauses to
move a bit around France with friends:

- `La Ciotat <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Ciotat>`_ (June, one week-end):
  to go diving and enjoy the beach/sun.
- `Tignes <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tignes>`_ (August, a week): for hiking
  and celebrating the end of our school year with the rest of the teaching
  assistant team.

This should be the last year where it is really hard for me to find
opportunities to travel (either because of studies or Covid-19 of course). I
hope to visit various places next year!

2022
====

This year turned out to be quite heavy on traveling! For my internship, I worked
in London and New-York. Living in London most of the year, I went back to Paris
a few times, visited Amsterdam over long weekend, hopped on trains around UK,
and at the end of my internship planned bigger travels in Nordic countries.

United Kingdom
--------------

In February, I moved to London for my 6 months end of studies internship. I had
some time during weekends and summer to explore the country:

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="100%" height="500px" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen src="//umap.openstreetmap.fr/en/map/united-kingdom-trip-2022_810049?scaleControl=false&miniMap=false&scrollWheelZoom=true&zoomControl=true&allowEdit=false&moreControl=true&searchControl=null&tilelayersControl=null&embedControl=null&datalayersControl=true&onLoadPanel=undefined&captionBar=false"></iframe>

Iceland
-------

At the end of my internship, I had to leave the UK and go back to France to get
my diploma before re-applying to get a long-term visa to work in London again.
This meant I had a couple of free months in between, and as always I took this
opportunity to travel. The first trip was 3 weeks in Iceland around the entire
island:

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="100%" height="500px" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen src="//umap.openstreetmap.fr/en/map/iceland-trip-2022_810991?scaleControl=false&miniMap=false&scrollWheelZoom=true&zoomControl=true&allowEdit=false&moreControl=true&searchControl=null&tilelayersControl=null&embedControl=null&datalayersControl=true&onLoadPanel=undefined&captionBar=false"></iframe>

Iceland is a unique and incredible country. So much nature and places to
discover: volcanoes, glaciers, waterfalls, mountains, ... Even after 3 weeks I
felt there was so much more to visit. I wish we could have stayed a few more
days in the north-west part of the country (but the weather was horrible at the
time so we mostly drove by). The itinerary is quite unique because of everyone
schedule for this trip. I added lots of places we visited on the map, with a
different layer for each week, many anecdotes, and where we slept (in gold).

Finland
-------

After Iceland, I landed in Finland for a 10 days trip driving up north with
friends. We ended up taking a train overnight to get back to Helsinki and later
a flight to Paris. Beautiful forests and lakes, especially at this time of the
year (early September), great food and plenty of good memories.

.. raw:: html

    <iframe width="100%" height="500px" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen src="//umap.openstreetmap.fr/en/map/finland-trip-2022_810314?scaleControl=false&miniMap=false&scrollWheelZoom=true&zoomControl=true&allowEdit=false&moreControl=true&searchControl=null&tilelayersControl=null&embedControl=null&datalayersControl=true&onLoadPanel=undefined&captionBar=false"></iframe>
